Microsoft Word's ability to
track changes allows you to
freely make edits to a document,
and your collaborators will be
able to see exactly what changes
you made tart by going to the
Review tab and here click Track
Changes.
With that enabled, Word will
track any changes you or anyone
else makes to the document O.
For example, I might highlight
some text here and make that
bold.
I see a misselling down here
which I'll fix changing that A
to an O and maybe down here I
will create a
To review changes
made to the document.
You can come back to the review
tab and notice here we have this
menu that's currently set to
simple markup.
We have several options here.
The simle markup option
indicates where changes have
been made with a red line in the
margin O.
You might have noticed that as I
made my changes these red lines
appeared.
All markup shows the edits with
a blue highlight and you can
actually see the changes here in
the document.
Now in this first case, at the
top you can see that the change
is that the font was changed to
bold.
Down here you can see that the A
was deleted and the O was tyed
in its place, and here we can
see another line indicating a
paragraph break.
There's also the option here of
no markup which hides all the
Markus and shows you what the
changes will look like in the
document and original shows the
document in its original form
without the changes, which can
be useful for comparing the
original with the edited
version.
Additionally, when you're
viewing an option that displays
the markups, you can use the
Show Marku menu here to secify
which tyes of revisions you want
to see O.
For example, if you only wanted
to see formatting changes, you
could uncheck everything but
that option and now you can see
I'm only seeing the change here
where I changed this text to
bold.
But if I want to see the other
changes I can add, insert and
deletions back and if I have
comments I can see those as
well.
O That's how to track changes to
documents in Word.